{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11680\viewh12080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Sympull at a glance\
\
Sympull is a playful and imaginative hip-hop lyricist who draws inspiration from an eclectic catalog of musical genres, ranging from blues and folk rock, to J-POP and dramatic scores, to video game backing tracks and indie rock. Armed with endless pop-culture references, witty punchlines, long-winded multisyllabic & rhythmic delivery, the undying tangendental thought patterns of Sym invite audiences on an audible journey of one man\'92s internal reflection and humorous views of a confusing outside world. All this is done while invoking the spirits of mightiest of beasts from the age of ice, Pirate Captains, magical, winged & horned equine like creatures and the most monolithic of kaiju kings. All that and he drinks a lot of Coffee!\
\
BIO\
\
Sympull is a 30 something year old lyricist and singer originally from a small town named Commerce in Mid-Michigan. A fan of hip-hop since hearing a Snoop-Dogg album, played on a boom box at the back of a school bus when he was 9, Sym would spend the bulk of the next two decades, and some change, sharpening his verbal skills and searching out his own niche in hip-hop culture.  \
\
Gaining Notoriety in the early 2000\'92s as the front man for the band Genesis Theory, Sympull became known in the college towns he visited as a thoughtful word-smith and rock chorus crooner until parting ways with the group in 2007.\
\
The break-up spawned the advent of Sympull\'92s first solo venture, \'92Start From Scratch\'92. The 5 song ep, produced by long time friend, and Genesis Theory drummer, Brian \'91Komplexx\'92 Pearson, was a collection of hard-driving verses, dawning complex wordplays, and accompanied by infectious anthem-like choruses. The album was finished just as Sym was readying himself to migrate from the U.S. to a Tokyo suburb in the land of the rising sun, Japan, where the album would initially be released and promoted\'96even having limited radio play on regional radio programs.\
\
Symmie has looked on his times spent in Tokyo as some of the most exciting and loved moments in his life.  The city state was the first time he felt truly part of a community. Unfortunately the experience would be short lived and he would be forced to return to the states just as the infamous \'91bubble bursting\'92 recession was occurring in 2009.\
\
Down on his luck and depressed by his loss, Sym, drawing inspiration from old monster movies, began to once more pick up the pen in order to spread love, share shine and holla holla real ya\'92ll!  In recent years he has performed as a contributing member of the band LOCUS, and began recording for solo projects (\'91Second Wind\'92 and \'91Coffee & Kaiju\'94 - Coming Soon) and a group album with the various members of Monster Island (TBA). So expect to see a more distinguished and matured mastodon in the coming months and years as Sym proves theres still some wind left in this urban pirate\'92s sails.\
\
\
\
\
The Many Epitaphs of Sympull\
\
My calling-card for all things creative (i.e. Sympull) has been affixed to more than a handful of tag-lines over the years.  Their origins usually can be traced back to witticisms I\'92ve concocted, in a fleeting moment, used to describe how I see myself at the time. The ones that, for whatever reason stick, whether because of the reactions they procure or the underlying statements they carry, always seem to butt-up to my namesake when the occasion proves fruitful. The three most prevelent titles that have been attached to my nickname are of course The Mastodon, The Urban Pirate and Godzilla in the Flesh. \'93What\'92s the reasoning behind these chosen phrases?\'94, you ask.  Allow me to explain\'85\
\
The Mastodon\
During my stay at University, most of the radio-rappers that were beginning to surface and gain notoriety were profits to the Bling-Bling philosophy. The nineties and it\'92s warrior poet style of hip-hop had been cast aside in favor of a message of blatant materialism expressed through a third grade level vocabulary. My friends, in our youthful zeal and parlance began to refer to this new era of rap as the \'91ice age\'92 (a play on the slang term \'91ice\'92 describing the diamond jewelry that many of the time period\'92s \'91artists\'92 were referencing). I had no interest in catering to a movement I didn\'92t identify with and sought to carve out my own way using the base methods taught to me by the likes of true hip-hop legends from a dying school of thought before it became \'91extinct\'92.  \
\
Through countless conversations between me and other members of my musical outfits, at that point in history, I began to think of those who were coming-of-age as the surviving vestiges of a forgotten time as being like mammoths. They were the last great \'91kings of the beasts\'92 during the ice age. My friends and I had the tendency to vie for being the biggest and baddest at what we did, so I wanted to be the largest version of a mammoth. That and the word Mastodon just sounds cool as a word to me.  Sprinkle in the fact that I\'92m relatively hairy, have poignant ears, and may or may not have made some comments in the blue about a certain appendage being trunk-like, and Sympull the Mastodon became forever etched into my persona as my most persistent of go-byes.\
\
The Urban Pirate\
Life as a traveling performer is not a path befitting everyone. I\'92d venture to say it appeals to a very select group of individuals made of a more colorful breed and possibly more derelict cut. From the day you break on the scene, you spend a very large portion of your \'91free-time\'92 trying to establish a following and pay dues while sharing shine with a handful of familiar faces from acts trying to do the same.  This, in my experience, generally leads to the birth of a sub-culture representative to whatever \'91scene\'92 you find yourself a part of. The circle I broke out in, when I was younger, tended to feel as if musicians were modern day buccaneers, sailing a black-top laden sea and freely traveling to parts unknown. This lent itself, I\'92m sure, to make our travel wearied lives seem more storied than they were in reality. Besides that I would always say that I\'92m on some \'91Urban Pirate type ish\'92 anytime someone questioned my style choices (particularly in regards to my beads and scarf.) It\'92s lasted years, it fits, and I like it. Yo-Ho Yo-Ho, a pirate\'92s life for me!\
\
Godzilla in the Flesh\
My grandma Betty bought me \'91Godzilla vs. Mecha Godzilla\'92 when I was 5 years old.  It was absolutely mind-blowing. I guess the melodrama of giant monsters slugging it out in a battle for the fate of the world mesmerized my young imagination. And I continued into adulthood enjoying the many Eiji Tsuburaya inspired flicks.\
\
However, the Godzilla motif became something far greater when I fell on hard-times, after returning to the states from Japan, and witnessing the disintegration in entirety of the past life I\'92d spent nearly a decade crafting. I felt like the world had turned it\'92s collective self on me, and I couldn\'92t find any way to deal with the development. The movies that began as a childhood pastime, became my stepping stone back into a positive state of mind.\
\
There\'92s a philosophy that can be sponged off of the king of all kaiju and it is \'91Keep moving forward, never back down, and never stop fighting.\'92 When the world turns it\'92s guns on you fight the world. When the world stops posting up, turn your sights on to the next obstacle and level that piece. It\'92s fair to say I now find myself reading a lot into a series of films that basically call for men in rubber suits to wrestle around a soundstage full of city miniatures, but them bad boys brought me back to life, and that right there is plenty reason for me to be thankful, and why I have been self appointed as the human representative of the Big G.\
\
Albums / Projects\
\
Start From Scratch\
Sympull\'92s Debut solo EP done in collaboration with producer Komplexx.  Featuring 5 songs chalked full of technically stunning delivery and noteworthy lyricism buddied up with infectious backing tracks and catchy choruses. Availible to purchase and download at sympull.bandcamp.com.\
}